InfluxDB Clustered Helm install (#5540)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/install/configure-cluster/directly.md

---

> title: Configure your InfluxDB AppInstance directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use the InfluxDB AppInstance resource configuration
```

list_title: Configure your InfluxDB AppInstance resource directly
description: >

>   Configure your InfluxDB clustered by adding configuration options directly to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Configure your InfluxDB cluster by editing configuration options in 
```

  the provided `AppInstance` resource.
menu:
menu:
  influxdb_clustered:

>     name: Configure directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: Use AppInstance resource configuration
```

    parent: Configure your cluster
weight: 220
---

> InfluxDB Clustered deployments are managed using Kubernetes and configured using

Author: ```suggestion
Manage your InfluxDB Clustered deployments using Kubernetes and apply configuration settings using
```

> a YAML configuration file. The 

Reviewer: Unfinished sentence?
This paragraph should use active voice.

> a YAML configuration file. The 

Author: ```suggestion
a YAML configuration file.
```

### Create a namespace for InfluxDB

> Create a namespace for InfluxDB. For example, using `kubectl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a namespace for InfluxDB--for example, enter the following `kubectl` command in your terminal:
```

Your Kubernetes Cluster needs access to the container registry to pull down and
install InfluxDB.

> When pulling images, there are two main scenarios:

Reviewer: This could use some clarification and active voice.

> When pulling images, there are two main scenarios:

Author: ```suggestion
When pulling InfluxDB Clustered images, there are two main scenarios:
```

This is active voice.
